Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for. 	 1 
This was my first time and I can't wait until the next. 	 1 
This place is two thumbs up....way up. 	 1 
Terrible management. 	 0 
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts. 	 1 
The steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at GC. 	 1 
We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting). 	 0 
I won't try going back there even if it's empty. 	 0 
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually. 	 1 
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back! 	 1 
The desserts were a bit strange. 	 0 
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service. 	 1 
Nice ambiance. 	 1 
I would recommend saving room for this! 	 1 
A good time! 	 1 
Generous portions and great taste. 	 1 
Food was delicious! 	 1 
I consider this theft. 	 0 
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well. 	 0 
Waited and waited and waited. 	 0 
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed. 	 0 
Service was good and the company was better! 	 1 
The staff are also very friendly and efficient. 	 1 
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where. 	 0 
Their steaks are 100% recommended! 	 1 
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives. 	 0 
The kids play area is NASTY! 	 0 
Great place fo take out or eat in. 	 1 
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options. 	 1 
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor. 	 0 
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus. 	 1 
I got home to see the driest damn wings ever! 	 0 
I really enjoyed Crema Café before they expanded; I even told friends they had the BEST breakfast. 	 1 
Not good for the money. 	 0 
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia! 	 1 
They also have the best cheese crisp in town. 	 1 
Good value, great food, great service. 	 1 
The food is good. 	 1 
It was awesome. 	 1 
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed! 	 1 
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one! 	 0 
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed. 	 0 
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy. 	 0 
An absolute must visit! 	 1 
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star. 	 0 
I will not return. 	 0 
I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland. 	 0 
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning. 	 1 
Pretty awesome place. 	 1 
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby! 	 1 
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat ! 	 1 
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good! 	 1 
Ordered burger rare came in we'll done. 	 0 
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable. 	 1 
This is a good joint. 	 1 
I'm not eating here! 	 0 
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver. 	 0 
Very bad Experience! 	 0 
What a mistake. 	 0 
Food was average at best. 	 0 
We won't be going back anytime soon! 	 0 
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater. 	 0 
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer. 	 1 
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends. 	 1 
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed. 	 0 
The patio seating was very comfortable. 	 1 
The fried rice was dry as well. 	 0 
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!). 	 1 
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous. 	 1 
Both great! 	 1 
Eclectic selection. 	 1 
The staff was very attentive. 	 1 
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him). 	 1 
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price. 	 1 
I can't wait to go back. 	 1 
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted. 	 0 
It's a great place and I highly recommend it. 	 1 
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me. 	 0 
Damn good steak. 	 1 
Total brunch fail. 	 0 
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant. 	 1 
I probably won't be back, to be honest. 	 0 
The sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well. 	 1 
Went for lunch - service was slow. 	 0 
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed. 	 0 
I was mortified. 	 0 
I wasn't really impressed with Strip Steak. 	 0 
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!! 	 1 
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me. 	 1 
Would not recommend to others. 	 0 
I mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?! 	 0 
2 Thumbs Up!! 	 1 
They have a really nice atmosphere. 	 1 
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked. 	 0 
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything. 	 0 
Cute, quaint, simple, honest. 	 1 
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside. 	 1 
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy. 	 1 
Great food and awesome service! 	 1 
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!! 	 0 
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us. 	 0 
Overall, I like there food and the service. 	 1 
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world. 	 1 
Probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it. 	 0 
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service. 	 1 
Never had anything to complain about here. 	 1 
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it. 	 1 
It was way over fried. 	 0 
Will not be back! 	 0 
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast. 	 1 
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly! 	 0 
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. 	 1 
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup. 	 1 
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again! 	 1 
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather. 	 0 
The block was amazing. 	 1 
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars! 	 1 
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night. 	 1 
What did bother me, was the slow service. 	 0 
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste. 	 0 
Unfortunately, it was not good. 	 0 
I had a pretty satifying experience. 	 1 
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat. 	 0 
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily. 	 0 
Once your food arrives it's meh. 	 0 
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal. 	 0 
My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too. 	 0 
So good I am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night. 	 1 
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh. 	 1 
Mediocre food. 	 0 
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place. 	 1 
And service was super friendly. 	 1 
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked? 	 0 
This place was such a nice surprise! 	 1 
They were golden-crispy and delicious. 	 1 
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat. 	 0 
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine. 	 1 
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food. 	 0 
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was. 	 1 
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place! 	 0 
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED! 	 0 
It was packed!! 	 0 
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree. 	 1 
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done. 	 0 
This place should honestly be blown up. 	 0 
But I definitely would not eat here again. 	 0 
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist. 	 1 
Awful service. 	 0 
The service here is fair at best. 	 0 
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it. 	 0 
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day. 	 1 
They were excellent. 	 1 
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job. 	 0 
Just had lunch here and had a great experience. 	 1 
The food came out at a good pace. 	 1 
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad. 	 1 
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were! 	 0 
I would not recommend this place. 	 0 
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted. 	 0 
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!! 	 0 
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit. 	 1 
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat. 	 1 
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines. 	 1 
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot! 	 1 
This place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant. 	 1 
Talk about great customer service of course we will be back. 	 1 
I love their fries and their beans. 	 1 
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval. 	 1 
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go. 	 1 
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best. 	 0 
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one. 	 0 
Weird vibe from owners. 	 0 
There was hardly any meat. 	 0 
I've had better bagels from the grocery store. 	 0 
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude! 	 1 
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless. 	 0 
The service was terrible, food was mediocre. 	 0 
I ordered Albondigas soup - which was just warm - and tasted like tomato soup with frozen meatballs. 	 0 
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate. 	 0 
The service was extremely slow. 	 0 
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table. 	 0 
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts. 	 0 
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love. 	 1 
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service. 	 1 
The pizza selections are good. 	 1 
I had strawberry tea, which was good. 	 1 
Spend your money elsewhere. 	 0 
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...! 	 1 
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated. 	 0 
And the drinks are WEAK, people! 	 0 
-My order was not correct. 	 0 
Very, very sad. 	 0 
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food. 	 0 
I got food poisoning here at the buffet. 	 0 
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no! 	 0 
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us. 	 0 
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon. 	 0 
The RI style calamari was a joke. 	 0 
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it. 	 0 
We aren't ones to make a scene at restaurants but I just don't get it...definitely lost the love after this one! 	 0 
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all. 	 0 
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying. 	 0 
This place lacked style!! 	 0 
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous. 	 0 
Don't bother coming here. 	 0 
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again. 	 0 
Probably not in a hurry to go back. 	 0 
Not good by any stretch of the imagination. 	 0 
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked. 	 0 
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor. 	 0 
This place is horrible and way overpriced. 	 0 
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why. 	 0 
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits. 	 0 
Con: spotty service. 	 0 
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger. 	 0 
The real disappointment was our waiter. 	 0 
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything. 	 0 
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door. 	 0 
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible. 	 0 
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant. 	 0 
The ambiance isn't much better. 	 0 
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees. 	 0 
The food wasn't good. 	 0 
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place. 	 0 
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food. 	 0 
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh. 	 0 
Food was below average. 	 0 
It sure does beat the nachos at the movies but I would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant. 	 0 
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables). 	 0 
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry. 	 0 
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland. 	 0 
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad. 	 0 
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten. 	 0 
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc. 	 1 
Best tater tots in the southwest. 	 1 
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot. 	 1 
The manager was the worst. 	 0 
I don't think I'll be running back to Carly's anytime soon for food. 	 0 
Don't waste your time here. 	 0 
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee. 	 0 
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked. 	 1 
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully. 	 1 
I LOVED it! 	 1 
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either. 	 0 
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh. 	 0 
Delicious and I will absolutely be back! 	 1 
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment. 	 1 
I dont think I will be back for a very long time. 	 0 
I will be back many times soon. 	 1 
And then tragedy struck. 	 0 
Waitress was sweet and funny. 	 1 
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious! 	 1 
Cant say enough good things about this place. 	 1 
The waitress and manager are so friendly. 	 1 
I would not recommend this place. 	 0 
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca. 	 0 
Everything was perfect the night we were in. 	 1 
The food is very good for your typical bar food. 	 1 
At first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff. 	 1 
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there. 	 0 
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant. 	 1 
If you haven't gone here GO NOW! 	 1 
A greasy, unhealthy meal. 	 0 
Those burgers were amazing. 	 1 
Food was really good and I got full petty fast. 	 1 
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME. 	 0 
For service, I give them no stars. 	 0 
Gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore). 	 0 
But now I was completely grossed out. 	 0 
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular. 	 1 
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste. 	 1 
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop. 	 0 
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic. 	 1 
Waiter was a jerk. 	 0 
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across. 	 1 
Service is quick and friendly. 	 1 
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat. 	 0 
Wow very spicy but delicious. 	 1 
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere. 	 0 
I'd love to go back. 	 1 
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch. 	 1 
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious! 	 1 

